Add meta.document.name and .namespace (#105)
SAP/csn-interop-specification: CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]

## [1.0.7]

### Added

> - Added `meta.document.name` to give the overall document a machine-readable name

Author: Alternatively:

```suggestion
- Added `meta.document.localId` to give the overall document a machine-readable local ID
```
